.github Bridge (docs) update (#5)
overture-stack/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Pull Request

## Description

> Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please include a summary of the change and which issue or ticket is being addressed, if any. You may also include relevant motivation and context, as well as list any dependencies that are required for this change.
```

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

> Please delete options that are not relevant.

Reviewer: While I'm not sure whether asking them to remove others is helpful or not (and therefor I can't say we should take that away), I do want to suggest we add an "agency" component to the instructions.

```suggestion
Please choose only the relevant options and remove the others.
```
